I need to stop and flag something important before doing anything else with secrets or environment configuration.

Here's where things stand: your original request is done and pushed. The Stripe-only KYB implementation (dropping Persona, deriving businessVerificationStatus from Stripe Connect's account.updated webhook, the F2-style publish gate, sequenced verification prompts, and the docs updates) was built, code-reviewed by a subagent that caught and fixed a real bug, verified working in the dev preview (confirmed the old Persona endpoint now returns 410 Gone and the Business Verification section correctly shows the Stripe Connect-based UI), merged cleanly with the other agent's incoming commit (no conflicts), and pushed successfully to claude/sync-local-repo-2j7ghv (commit b82392e9..83899c04).

However, when I restarted the dev server after that merge to verify everything still works, it crashed on startup with this error:

Error: STRIPE_SECRET_KEY must be a TEST secret key (sk_test_...) outside production.
Live keys (sk_live_...) are a hard stop in dev/E2E — real Stripe objects would be created
against the live account. Current value's prefix is "sk_live_...". (NODE_ENV=development,
ENVIRONMENT=undefined). Refusing to start. Update the STRIPE_SECRET_KEY secret.

This is coming from server/validate-env.ts, which appears to be new code that arrived via the other agent's "delivery-rail" commit we just merged. It's telling you that the STRIPE_SECRET_KEY currently configured in this dev environment is a live Stripe secret key, not a test key — and it's now refusing to boot the server to prevent real/live Stripe objects from being created during dev testing.

I have not touched the Secrets panel and won't — that's sensitive credential handling you should manage directly. A few things worth noting: this means the server is currently down in this workspace (unrelated to our KYB work, which is safely committed and pushed either way), and it's worth double-checking whether a live key ever got used inadvertently during earlier testing in this session, though everything I observed on Stripe's own pages showed "Test mode" banners throughout.

How would you like to proceed — do you want to update the STRIPE_SECRET_KEY secret yourself now, or should I leave the server stopped and just confirm the code state is fine as-is?